[Music]
hello friends my name is marcela lecuona
olano symbolic slavery that we're going to
talk about pornography to see what happened
Sex life was a porn movie
I would be bored
she is bored although her boyfriend is where
bored so your boyfriend is so bored
now we boys have to stop seeing
the porn movies as if they were
our worst energies look for how
hope it's a guide for you where
so you can see where the g point is
you can where is your point g from where
is the solution they like to take it as
your best friend from today on
then controlling your skin men
like the box that you see because they
like soccer that you like the
pornography maybe we 're never going to
understand for example exists so is the
world already and better we go to coast with knowing
that behind a porn movie since
the bojan if it 's a porn movie they're
the desires of a man are the
fantasies of a man
but our of his own movie like
graphic to our man as well
starting watching pornography we
we have talked, put double key to the
sheet and put and work is a letter for
girls please actions in turn
pornographic movie the first thing that
we have to do and what we were
[Music]
not that pornography of I want to make a
please be our idea of a man
when you close the door of what the
the bedroom from wherever they do not want
imitate well and want someone to give
its good welcome apart from another thing of
the advantages of pornography
of the people that can be
opposites and that women suddenly
they undergo rare plurals and
down mysterious human
[Music]
safer than you have to see them like that
that the end of hours what is
happening there but in spite of everything there is more
my teeth so stop that you have the
palm
[Music]